added ID example to the documentation (#50)
kibertoad/toad-scheduler: README.md

Note that in order to avoid memory leaks, it is recommended to use promise chains instead of async/await inside task definition. See [talk on common Promise mistakes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XV-u_Ow47s0) for more details.

## Using IDs and ES6-style imports

> You can attach IDs to tasks to identify them later. This is helpful in projects that run a lot of tasks and especially if you wanna target the tasks specifically (e.g. starting, stopping or checking their status).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can attach IDs to tasks to identify them later. This is helpful in projects that run a lot of tasks and especially if you want to target some of the tasks specifically (e. g. in order to stop or restart them, or to check their status).
```

Author: i actually wrote wanna. that's funny.
